XSUP-49241/OktaASA (#39574)
demisto/content: Packs/OktaASA/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations

##### Okta ASA

> - Updated the OktaASA integration to return **server** and **project** additional data in returned audit logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced the OktaASA integration to include **server** and **project** information in the returned audit logs.
```
